docs: Grammar overhaul (#20636)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/2.guide/2.directory-structure/1.server.md

## Server Utilities

> Server routes are powered by [unjs/h3](https://github.com/unjs/h3), which comes with a handy set of helpers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Server routes are powered by [H3](https://github.com/unjs/h3), which comes with a handy set of helpers.
```

You can now universally call this API using `$fetch('/api/submit', { method: 'post', body: { test: 123 } })`.

::alert{type=warning title=Attention}

> We use `submit.post.ts` in the filename only to match requests with the `POST` method that can accept the request body. When using `readBody` within a GET request, `readBody` will throw a `405 Method Not Allowed` HTTP error.

Author: What about adding a `the` before `submit.post.ts`

You can now universally call this API using `$fetch('/api/submit', { method: 'post', body: { test: 123 } })`.

::alert{type=warning title=Attention}
We use `submit.post.ts` in the filename only to match requests with the `POST` method that can accept the request body. When using `readBody` within a GET request, `readBody` will throw a `405 Method Not Allowed` HTTP error.
::

> ### Handling Requests With Query Parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Handling Requests with Query Parameters
```

> ### Error handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error Handling
```

> ### Error handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Error Handling
```

> If no errors get thrown, a status code of `200 OK` will be returned. Any uncaught errors will return a `500 Internal Server Error` HTTP Error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no errors get thrown, the HTTP `200 OK` success status response code will be returned. Any uncaught errors will return the HTTP `500 Internal Server Error` server error response code.
```

> To return other error codes, throw an exception with `createError`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To return other error response codes, throw an exception with `createError`.
```

```

::alert{type=warning}

> Legacy support is possible using [unjs/h3](https://github.com/unjs/h3), though it's advised to avoid legacy handlers as much as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Legacy support is possible using [H3](https://github.com/unjs/h3), though it's advised to avoid legacy handlers as much as possible.
```

```

::alert{type=warning}

> Never combine the `next()` callback with an `async` or `Promise` returning legacy middleware!

Author: Fixed!

> Never combine the `next()` callback with a legacy middleware that is `async` or returning a `Promise`!

Reviewer: _that returns a `Promise` or is `async`_

Knowing the above example seems to sound correct, shall we keep the original, inversed version with _returns_? Otherwise, this would mean **that it is `async`** and **it is returning a `Promise`**. Not sure whether we need Present Continuous tense here.

It can be logically split in the following way:

> (...) a legacy middleware that:
> 
> - is async
> - returns a `Promise`
```suggestion
Never combine the `next()` callback with a legacy middleware that is async or returns a `Promise`!
```
